DOCS-87: Create and consolidate VMware information into a new guide s… (#1678)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

`Microsoft Offloaded Data Transfer (ODX)
<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2012-R2-and-2012/hh831628(v=ws.11)>`__,
meaning that file copies happen locally, rather than over the network.
It also supports the :ref:`VAAI <VAAI_for_iSCSI>` (vStorage APIs for
Array Integration) primitives for efficient operation of storage tasks
directly on the NAS. To take advantage of the VAAI primitives, create a

> zvol using the instructions in :ref:`Adding Zvols` and use it to create

Reviewer: Integrate these as direct references:
```suggestion
:ref:`create a zvol <Adding Zvols>` and use it to :ref:`create a device extent <Extents>`.
```
